Readme.md, before:

# A Suitable Nice Guy In A Suitable Age Group Forever - Live and Video support repo

[![ASNGIASAGF Build](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever/actions/workflows/asngiasagf.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever/actions/workflows/asngiasagf.yml)

[![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)

## Introduction

This repo serves to support all the code to back up all my talks and videos (there has been no successful application yet, so they are all preparation materials at this point).

Have a look in the submodules for more info
 

## Structure

-   [Talks](./talks) - All materials for current applications to talks and/or actual talks
-   [YouTube's sessions](./you-tube-sessions) - All projects made for my YouTube sessions.

## Setup

Please check help file [Hints&Tricks](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Hints&Tricks.md) for details on how to setup java versions

## References

<details>

<summary>Online References</summary>

---
-   [NLJUG speaker academy 2022 - session 1](https://www.slideshare.net/BertJanSchrijver/nljug-speaker-academy-2022-session-1)
-   [How to Write an Abstract by Philip Koopman, Carnegie Mellon University](http://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/essays/abstract.html)
-   [Ex Ordo's How to write an abstract for a conference](https://www.exordo.com/blog/how-to-write-an-abstract-for-a-conference/)
---
</details>

## About me

<div align="center">

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-100/JEOrgLogo-27.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&color=FF0000)](https://www.youtube.com/@joaoesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=buymeacoffee&color=yellow)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&color=white)](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mastodon&color=afd7f7)](https://masto.ai/@jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&color=3b5998)](https://www.facebook.com/joaofisaes/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sessionize-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sessionize&color=cffff6)](https://sessionize.com/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&color=purple)](https://www.instagram.com/joaofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tumblr-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tumblr&color=192841)](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-1ED760?style=for-the-badge&logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/user/jlnozkcomrxgsaip7yvffpqqm)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xing-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=xing&color=064e40)](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/YCombinator-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ycombinator&color=d0d9cd)](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=Jesperancinha&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=grey "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&color=blue)](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&color=orange)](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sonatype%20Search%20Repos-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=red)](https://central.sonatype.com/search?smo=true&q=org.jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack%20Overflow-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow&color=5A5A5A)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credly-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=credly&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coursera-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=coursera&color=000080)](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&color=cyan)](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&color=black)](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hackernoon-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackernoon&color=0a5d00)](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dev.TO-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=black&logo=dev.to)](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Project-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeproject&color=063b00)](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Free%20Code%20Camp-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=freecodecamp&color=0a5d00)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hackerrank-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerrank&color=1e2f97)](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&color=002647)](https://leetcode.com/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codewars-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codewars&color=722F37)](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&color=black)](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HackerEarth-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerearth&color=00035b)](https://www.hackerearth.com/@jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Khan%20Academy-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=khanacademy&color=00035b)](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pinterest&color=FF0000)](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=quora&color=FF0000)](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Play-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=googleplay&color=purple)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coderbyte-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&logo=coderbyte)](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfoQ-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&logo=coderbyte)](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCP%20Java%2011-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCP%20JEE%207-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/VMWare%20Spring%20Professional%202021-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/IBM%20Cybersecurity%20Analyst%20Professional-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ibm&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deep%20Learning-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ibm&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Certified%20Neo4j%20Professional-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=neo4j&color=064e40)](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Certified%20Advanced%20JavaScript%20Developer-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&color=064e40)](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kong%20Champions-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kong&color=064e40)](https://konghq.com/kong-champions)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=064e40&style=for-the-badge "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=064e40&style=for-the-badge "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=orange&style=for-the-badge "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)

</div>

Commit message:

The story of this repo

Readme.md, after:

# A Suitable Nice Guy In A Suitable Age Group Forever - Live and Video support repo

[![ASNGIASAGF Build](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever/actions/workflows/asngiasagf.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever/actions/workflows/asngiasagf.yml)

[![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/a-suitable-nice-guy-in-a-suitable-age-group-forever)

## Introduction

This repo serves to support all the code to back up all my talks and videos (there has been no successful application yet, so they are all preparation materials at this point).

Have a look in the submodules for more info

Read the [Inspiration](Inspiration.md) file for a small tale about the name of this project.
 

## Structure

-   [Talks](./talks) - All materials for current applications to talks and/or actual talks
-   [YouTube's sessions](./you-tube-sessions) - All projects made for my YouTube sessions.

## Setup

Please check help file [Hints&Tricks](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Hints&Tricks.md) for details on how to setup java versions

## References

<details>

<summary>Online References</summary>

---
-   [NLJUG speaker academy 2022 - session 1](https://www.slideshare.net/BertJanSchrijver/nljug-speaker-academy-2022-session-1)
-   [How to Write an Abstract by Philip Koopman, Carnegie Mellon University](http://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/essays/abstract.html)
-   [Ex Ordo's How to write an abstract for a conference](https://www.exordo.com/blog/how-to-write-an-abstract-for-a-conference/)
---
</details>

## About me

<div align="center">

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-100/JEOrgLogo-27.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&color=FF0000)](https://www.youtube.com/@joaoesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=buymeacoffee&color=yellow)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&color=white)](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mastodon&color=afd7f7)](https://masto.ai/@jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&color=3b5998)](https://www.facebook.com/joaofisaes/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sessionize-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sessionize&color=cffff6)](https://sessionize.com/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&color=purple)](https://www.instagram.com/joaofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tumblr-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tumblr&color=192841)](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-1ED760?style=for-the-badge&logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/user/jlnozkcomrxgsaip7yvffpqqm)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xing-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=xing&color=064e40)](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/YCombinator-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ycombinator&color=d0d9cd)](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=Jesperancinha&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=grey "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&color=blue)](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&color=orange)](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sonatype%20Search%20Repos-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=red)](https://central.sonatype.com/search?smo=true&q=org.jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack%20Overflow-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow&color=5A5A5A)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credly-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=credly&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coursera-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=coursera&color=000080)](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&color=cyan)](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&color=black)](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hackernoon-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackernoon&color=0a5d00)](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dev.TO-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=black&logo=dev.to)](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Project-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeproject&color=063b00)](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Free%20Code%20Camp-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=freecodecamp&color=0a5d00)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hackerrank-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerrank&color=1e2f97)](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&color=002647)](https://leetcode.com/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codewars-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codewars&color=722F37)](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&color=black)](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HackerEarth-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerearth&color=00035b)](https://www.hackerearth.com/@jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Khan%20Academy-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=khanacademy&color=00035b)](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/jofisaes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pinterest&color=FF0000)](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=quora&color=FF0000)](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Play-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=googleplay&color=purple)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coderbyte-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&logo=coderbyte)](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfoQ-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&logo=coderbyte)](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCP%20Java%2011-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCP%20JEE%207-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/VMWare%20Spring%20Professional%202021-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/IBM%20Cybersecurity%20Analyst%20Professional-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ibm&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deep%20Learning-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ibm&color=064e40)](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Certified%20Neo4j%20Professional-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=neo4j&color=064e40)](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Certified%20Advanced%20JavaScript%20Developer-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&color=064e40)](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kong%20Champions-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kong&color=064e40)](https://konghq.com/kong-champions)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=064e40&style=for-the-badge "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=064e40&style=for-the-badge "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=orange&style=for-the-badge "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)

</div>
